file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N2  FASTA   DNA        985   51,589       21     52.4      947
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N3  FASTA   DNA      1,413   65,890       21     46.6      811
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N4  FASTA   DNA        749   44,036       21     58.8      853
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N5  FASTA   DNA        732   42,875       21     58.6      668
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N6  FASTA   DNA      1,184   56,445       21     47.7      578
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N7  FASTA   DNA        723   41,522       21     57.4      499
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N8  FASTA   DNA        766   41,510       21     54.2      457
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N9  FASTA   DNA      1,210   54,601       21     45.1      388
file              format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG21_N10  FASTA   DNA        790   41,100       21       52      374
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N2  FASTA   DNA        456   42,031       31     92.2    1,437
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N3  FASTA   DNA        635   49,568       31     78.1      972
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N4  FASTA   DNA        457   39,546       31     86.5      853
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N5  FASTA   DNA        453   38,784       31     85.6      668
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N6  FASTA   DNA        641   46,351       31     72.3      619
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N7  FASTA   DNA        513   39,285       31     76.6      526
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N8  FASTA   DNA        531   39,081       31     73.6      465
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N9  FASTA   DNA        701   45,790       31     65.3      420
file              format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG31_N10  FASTA   DNA        595   39,979       31     67.2      374
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N2  FASTA   DNA        324   39,240       41    121.1    1,736
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N3  FASTA   DNA        423   44,118       41    104.3    1,076
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N4  FASTA   DNA        353   37,996       41    107.6      853
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N5  FASTA   DNA        376   38,264       41    101.8      619
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N6  FASTA   DNA        458   42,348       41     92.5      627
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N7  FASTA   DNA        412   38,229       41     92.8      520
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N8  FASTA   DNA        433   38,338       41     88.5      465
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N9  FASTA   DNA        545   43,411       41     79.7      420
file              format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG41_N10  FASTA   DNA        501   39,956       41     79.8      374
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N2  FASTA   DNA        255   37,457       51    146.9    1,696
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N3  FASTA   DNA        326   41,362       51    126.9    1,076
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N4  FASTA   DNA        291   36,948       51      127      853
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N5  FASTA   DNA        326   37,864       51    116.1      634
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N6  FASTA   DNA        382   41,063       51    107.5      624
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N7  FASTA   DNA        358   37,882       51    105.8      520
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N8  FASTA   DNA        392   38,984       51     99.4      465
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N9  FASTA   DNA        433   41,155       51       95      416
file              format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG51_N10  FASTA   DNA        455   40,907       51     89.9      372
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N2  FASTA   DNA        212   36,233       61    170.9    1,696
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N3  FASTA   DNA        274   39,897       61    145.6    1,076
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N4  FASTA   DNA        261   36,789       61      141      853
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N5  FASTA   DNA        292   37,739       61    129.2      635
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N6  FASTA   DNA        331   40,218       61    121.5      624
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N7  FASTA   DNA        328   38,183       61    116.4      520
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N8  FASTA   DNA        355   39,256       61    110.6      464
file             format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N9  FASTA   DNA        402   42,008       61    104.5      416
file              format  type  num_seqs  sum_len  min_len  avg_len  max_len
ecoli_SDBG61_N10  FASTA   DNA        439   42,930       61     97.8      372
